Create CalAdapt Download Functions for LOCA downscaled CMIP-5 (#3446)
PecanProject/pecan: book_source/02_demos_tutorials_workflows/05_developer_workflows/03_coding_practices/01-coding-style.Rmd

In general, try to avoid adding new dependencies (especially ones that depend on system libraries) unless they are necessary or already widely used in PEcAn (e.g. GDAL, NetCDF, XML, JAGS, `dplyr`).
For a more thorough and nuanced discussion, see the [package dependencies appendix](#package-dependencies).

#### PEcAn-Specific Function Conventions {#pecan-function-conventions}

PEcAn has established patterns for function naming and parameter ordering to ensure consistency across modules:

- **Function naming**: 
  - Functions that download data: `download.<source>` (e.g., `download.ameriflux`).
  - Functions that convert a met data source to PEcAn standard: `met2CF.<source>` (e.g., `met2CF.ameriflux`).
  - Functions that convert PEcAn standard met data to a model input: `met2model.<model>` (e.g., `met2model.biocro`).

>   - Functions that convert a model output to a standard format should be named `model2netcdf.<model>` (e.g., `model2CF.biocro`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Functions that convert PEcAn standard met data to a model input: `met2model.<model>` (e.g., `met2model.BIOCRO`).
  - Functions that convert a model output to a standard format should be named `model2netcdf.<model>` (e.g., `model2CF.BIOCRO`).
```

> - **Parameter order**: Follow standard order and naming for function parameters:

Reviewer: These standards are specifically for side-effecting data generator functions, yeah?
```suggestion
- **Parameter order**: Functions that retrieve data and write it to disk should follow this order and naming for function parameters:
```

  1. Required parameters without defaults first:
     - `outfolder`: Directory where output will be saved (no default)
     - `start_date`: Beginning date for data (no default)
     - `end_date`: End date for data (no default)
  2. Spatial information parameters
       - lat, lon or
       - sitename / site_id
       - sf object
  3. Product-specific parameters
  4. Optional parameters with defaults

This pattern is consistent with R norms of placing parameters without defaults before those with defaults. 
These conventions help maintain consistency across PEcAn modules (meteorology, models, SDA constraints, etc.) 

> and enable scalability.

Reviewer: Consistent naming is great, but I do not think it affects scalability
```suggestion
These conventions help maintain consistency across PEcAn modules (meteorology, models, SDA constraints, etc.).
```

Author: scalability here in terms of modularity and maintainability, not compute; I’ll clarify the language.
```suggestion
These conventions support consistency across PEcAn modules, making the code easier to use, extend, and maintain.
```
